# IV. Data Lists
_IV. THE DATA LISTS_

The lists (aka Data Lists) are the collection of articles that users are reading, editing and creating. There are few different top-level categories lists fall into. For example, public lists are accessible to everyone and need to meet certain standards, while Drafts are works in progress that are not ready to be made public yet, so there is no strict criteria on the quality of those lists. Registered users can edit and create new public lists and drafts, while unregistered users can only read the content.

There are also Personal and Private lists. Registered users can create as many Personal lists as they like, and paid users can create Private lists as well - shopping lists, to-do lists, journals e.g. The difference between Personal and Private lists is that Private lists are owned by the user, stored encrypted and are accessible to nobody but the user himself, while Personal lists can be viewed by paid users and are not owned by the author.

All the lists, except for the Private ones, users publish under the [creative commons attribution share alike license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). Private lists, on the other hand are owned by the user that created them and are stored encrypted, so we cannot really tell what they contain.

All the lists reside in an SQL database where they are accessible website the website and our various web infrastructure. Every so often (as often as needed) we download the database into a collection of folders and source files, archive it with a timestamp and upload it to a [github repo](https://github.com/viktorchernev/DataLists), where it is accessible to anyone to download.

1. [Github Repo](https://github.com/viktorchernev/DataLists)